Enum memory representation and well-formedness (#146)
minirust/minirust: spec/lang/types.md

pub type Fields = List<(Size, Type)>; // (offset, type) pair for each field

pub struct VariantType {
    /// The inner type of the variant.
    pub inner: Type,
    /// The information on where to apply what tags to form the discriminant.
    pub tagger: Map<Int, u8>,
}

/// The discrimination decision tree for an enum type.
pub enum Discriminator {
    Known(Int),
    Unknown { // Branch
        offset: Int,
        children: Map<u8, Discriminator>,

>     },

Reviewer: It could be `Unknown { offset: 0, children: map!{} }`.

>     },

Reviewer 2: `offset` is out-of-bounds then, though.

pub type Fields = List<(Offset, Type)>;

pub struct Variant {
    /// The actual type of the variant.
    pub ty: Type,
    /// The information on where to store which bytes to write the tag.
    /// MUST NOT touch any bytes written by the actual type of the variant and vice
    /// versa. This is because we allow references/pointers to (enum) fields which
    /// should be able to dereference without having to deal with the tag.
    pub tagger: Map<Offset, u8>,
}

/// The decision tree that computes the discriminant out of the tag for a specific
/// enum type.
pub enum Discriminator {
    /// We know the discriminant.
    Known(Int),
    /// Tag decoding failed, there is no valid discriminant.
    Invalid,
    /// We don't know the discriminant, so we branch on the value of a specific byte.

>     /// The fallback is for readability, as we often are only interested in a couple
>     /// of values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    /// The fallback keeps the representation more compact, as we often
    ///  are only interested in a couple of values and we don't want to always
    /// have 256 branches.
```
